Global warming is a phenomenon related to nature. Due to the continuous accumulation of the greenhouse effect, the energy absorbed and emitted by the earth-atmosphere system is unbalanced, and the energy is continuously accumulated in the earth-atmosphere system, which leads to an increase in temperature and global warming. . When people burn fossil fuels, such as oil, coal, etc., or cut down forests and burn them, a large amount of carbon dioxide, or greenhouse gas, is produced. These greenhouse gases are highly transparent to visible light from solar radiation and emitted to the earth. The long-wave radiation is highly absorptive, which can strongly absorb the infrared rays in the ground radiation, leading to an increase in the temperature of the earth, that is, the greenhouse effect. Global warming will redistribute global precipitation, melt glaciers and permafrost, and rise sea levels, which will not only endanger the balance of natural ecosystems, but also affect human health and even threaten human survival. On the other hand, due to terrestrial greenhouse gas emissions, the temperature of the continent has risen, and the temperature difference between the ocean and the ocean has become smaller, which in turn has caused the air flow to slow down, and the smog cannot be blown away in a short time, resulting in more smog in many cities and affecting human health. Measures such as car restrictions and suspension of production have only short-term and partial effects, and cannot fundamentally change climate warming and smog pollution.

The previous part of this article shows that the global average temperature is showing a rising trend year by year, especially since humans entered the industrialization period, the global average temperature has risen more significantly. After research and prediction, it is found that the global average temperature will approach 10 degrees Celsius in 2100, and in the next 1,500 years, the global average temperature may reach 20 degrees Celsius.

Studies have shown that the global average temperature rise is affected by many aspects, including forest area, CO2 emissions, macroeconomic indicators, population, total production, total trade, agricultural land area, etc. Among these factors, the agricultural land area has a significant impact on the global average temperature rise Higher impacts are greatest, and macroeconomic indicators have the smallest impact on global average temperature rise.
