Global climate warming is a phenomenon related to nature. It is due to the continuous 
accumulation of greenhouse effect, which leads to the imbalance of energy absorbed and 
emitted by the earth atmosphere system, and the continuous accumulation of energy in the earth 
atmosphere system, leading to temperature rise and global climate warming. In this paper, the ARIMA model and LSTM model are used to predict the future global average temperature change. The prediction results show that the future global temperature will show a slow rising trend. Further, various factors that may affect the rise in temperature are analyzed by using the Grey Relation Analysis（GRA）, and it is determined that the area of agricultural land has the greatest impact on the rise in temperature.

For question 1, use the data provided by the question to restore the original standard temperature data. For the discussion of (a), it is believed that the increase in temperature in March 2022 is significantly greater than that in the past ten years, because the temperature increase in the previous ten years was 1.1%, and the increase from March 2021 to March 2022 is 1.92%. For (b), ARIMA model and LSTM model are established to predict the future air temperature respectively. Both models predict a slow rise in temperature. For the discussion of (c), it is calculated that the ARIMA prediction result is 9.6147 degrees in 2050 and 9.9985 degrees in 2100; the LSTM prediction result is 8.9581 degrees in 2050 and 9.2975 degrees in 2100. For (d), it is considered that the ARIMA model is better than LSTM, because the p-value of ARIMA is lower, and the RMSE value of LSTM is higher than ARIMA, indicating that the goodness of fit of ARIMA is higher, so we choose the ARIMA model.

For the second question, in (a), using the data set provided by the title and other data sets, it is found that the global average temperature has a significant correlation with the location, and the global land average temperature is higher than the global (land + ocean) average temperature , the global land average temperature is 0.6 degrees higher than the global (land + ocean) average temperature; the global average is less relevant to location. In (b). In (c）, relevant factors are collected including: forest area, CO2 emissions, macroeconomic indicators, population, total production, total trade, agricultural land area.In（d）



